---
Help: Authorization, decides what the user is allowed to do after it has been authenticated.
Suite
---
!1 Authorization
What an authenticated user in a Cora based system is allowed to do is built up through relations between different parts of the system.

!2 Setting restrictions
Restrictions are set up based on the record type the data belongs to. The restrictions controlling which user can edit a certain record is, built up through a combination of built in support, settings for the recordType and settings in the metadata definition for the record type.

!3 Actions
An action is what the user whats to do with a record (or serveral) in the system, such as CREATE, READ, UPDATE, etc. There is built in restrictions to use all actions in the system and permission must explicitly be given (with a few exceptions) for the user to be able to do one of the actions.

!3 Record type settings
The record type has settings that controls restrictions
 * public, if all data for the type is public to read or not, see [[public][Authorization.RecordTypeSettings.Public]]
 * permissionUnit, if data is divided between different permission units to control update, see [[permission unit][Authorization.RecordTypeSettings.PermissionUnit]]
 * visibility, if data is published or not, see [[visibility][Authorization.RecordTypeSettings.Visibility]]

!3 Permission terms
It is possible to specify a data value from a record to be used by the authorization system to control access to records that contain a specific value in that field. Permission terms are defined as part of the record type’s metadata. Once defined, users must be explicitly granted permission for the relevant data values in order to perform actions on the corresponding records. [[Learn more][Authorization.3_PermissionTerm]]


!3 Record parts
Record parts limits read and write access to parts of a record, the settings has no effect on the restrictions on the entire record but they control access to parts of it. Record part restrictions are also set up as part of the metadata definition for the record type, and restricts read or read/write to parts of the record. 
See [[record part][Authorization.4_1_RecordPart]] for details.

!2 Giving permissions
 * Rules, connects recordTypes, actions, permissionTerms and recordPartPermissions as a rule
 * Roles, connects different rules together as a role
 * User, has permission units permission has one or more roles, each role can get extra permissionTerms when connected to the user

!contents -R1 -g -p -f -h
----
