---
Static
---
!4 Read
It should be possible to set up a Cora system so that binary records that are published should be readable by all users and records that are unpublished needs more permissions. The user Guest is used as as an example of a user without specific rights on binaries.
 * '''Case 1''': Admin user should be possible to read a '''published''' binary record.
 * '''Case 2''': Admin user should be possible to read an '''unpublished''' binary record. 
 * '''Case 3''': Guest user should not be able to read unpublished records.
 * '''Case 4''': Guest user should be able to read published records. (Not implemented yet, not set up in permissions metadata)
 * '''Case 5''': FitnesseUser user should be able to read unpublished records but not be able to read download links to all representations.

!***> '''Case 1''' Published record
!define expectedCompareResult {Child with nameInData master and type group is missing. Child with nameInData thumbnail and type group is missing. Child with nameInData medium and type group is missing. Child with nameInData large and type group is missing. Child with nameInData jp2 and type group is missing.}
!define expectedActionResult {Action read_incoming_links is missing.}
!define expectedPermissionResult {OK}
!define createData {${publishedBinary}}
!define expectedCreatedData {${expectedPublishedBinary}}
!define recordId {$publishedRecordId}
!include -seamless .HelperPages.readCheck
*!
!***> '''Case 2''' Unpublished record
!define createData {${unpublishedBinary}}
!define expectedCreatedData {${expectedUnpublishedBinary}}
!define recordId {$unpublishedRecordId}
!include -seamless .HelperPages.readCheck
*!
!***> '''Case 3'''
!| RecordEndpointFixture                                                   |
|authToken      |type  |id                  |testReadRecord?|getStatusType?|
|$guestAuthToken|binary|$unpublishedRecordId|               |FORBIDDEN     |
*!
!***> '''Case 4''' (Not implemented yet, not set up in permissions metadata)
#!define currentAuthToken {}
#!| RecordEndpointFixture |
#| authToken | type | id | testReadRecord? | getStatusType? |
#| $guestAuthToken | binary | $publishedRecordId | =~/^(?!.*("rel":"upload")).+$/ | OK |
*!
!***> '''Case 5'''
!| ChildComparerFixture |
| authToken      | type   | id                   | testReadAndStoreRecord? | getStatusType? |
| $userAuthToken | binary | $unpublishedRecordId |                         | OK             |

!| ActionComparerFixture |
|authToken      | actions                     | testCheckActions?      |
|$userAuthToken | ${expectedActionsForRecord} | Action update is missing. Action delete is missing. Action index is missing. Action read_incoming_links is missing. Action upload is missing.|

*!