---
Test
---
!1 AuthToken
The authToken is a secure key used to access the API after a successful login. When you log in to the system, the API generates and returns an authToken.

This token has a limited lifespan and must be renewed to remain active. The token's validity is managed by two timestamps:
 *'''validUntil''': This timestamp represents the session limit. The token must be renewed before this time expires, otherwise, it becomes invalid for renewal.
 *'''renewUntil''': This timestamp indicates the maximum allowable period for renewing the token. After this time is reached, the token cannot be renewed further, and a new token must be generated.
 
!4 Example of an authToken
!*** authToken response
{{{
{
  "data": {
    "children": [
      {
        "name": "token",
        "value": "74cdaa20-9c7c-4741-aa12-28569ef0ecf0"
      },
      {
        "name": "validUntil",
        "value": "1736761647520"
      },
      {
        "name": "renewUntil",
        "value": "1736847447520"
      },
      {
        "name": "userId",
        "value": "131313"
      },
      {
        "name": "loginId",
        "value": "someLogin@someExampleServer.com"
      },
      {
        "name": "firstName",
        "value": "Afirstname"
      },
      {
        "name": "lastName",
        "value": "Alastname"
      }
    ],
    "name": "authToken"
  },
  "actionLinks": {
    "renew": {
      "requestMethod": "POST",
      "rel": "renew",
      "url": "http://someExampleServer.com/login/rest/authToken/c9cecda1-c492-4fbe-8cc7-d7d40543c34d",
      "accept": "application/vnd.uub.authToken+json"
    },
    "delete": {
      "requestMethod": "DELETE",
      "rel": "delete",
      "url": "http://someExampleServer.com/login/rest/authToken/c9cecda1-c492-4fbe-8cc7-d7d40543c34d"
    }
  }
}
}}}
*!
!4 How to renew an authToken
!***> Renew an authToken
Renew an authToken by using the tokenId URL that is listed under actionLinks as ''renew'' in the authToken response.
| Renew authToken |
| Method | URL | Produces |
| !style_pass[POST] | {systemUrl}/login/rest/authToken/{tokenId} | application/vnd.uub.authToken+json |

*!
!4 How to delete an authToken
!***> Delete an authToken
Delete an authToken by using the tokenId URL that is listed under actionLinks as ''delete'' in the authToken response.
| Delete authToken |
| Method | URL |
| !style_pass[DELETE] | {systemUrl}/login/rest/authToken/{tokenId} |
*!
----
!3 Authtoken tests
!include -seamless .CoraTests.CallThroughJavaCode.Authentication.AuthToken.AuthTokenTests