---
Help: Archive storage for Cora
Test
---

!1 Archival Storage
In Cora, we strive to refine the archive function for the digital objects in relation to the handling of the regularly changing descriptive metadata (records). This means that the digital files (ie the original files - not the converted formats) are handled in Archival Storage (Archive) but descriptive metadata will primarily be handled in Data Management (Storage) in terms of search and access, but also stored in the "archive" for long time preservation, in the Cora format, ie the same format as for Data Mangement.

An archive package stored in Cora thus consists of a metadata record for the object (record) and (where applicable) a list of associated binaries + the binaries themselves.

Cora relies heavily on links between different posts. Other records that are linked to the object (record) in Cora are not saved in each individual archive package, ie. the information is not stored repeatedly in each archive package but in another place in the archive. A person can e.g. be linked as the author of a number of different records and in such a case the link found in the record to the corresponding person-record is the key that links the right person to the right object, just like in Data management, and the authority record for person is handled completely separately regardless of the records it is linked to.

The digital files are described in OAIS as Content Data Objects. The focus of the archive function in Cora is to ensure that these files are preserved long-term and not manipulated. In order to be compatible with OAIS, these must be combined with a so-called Preservation Description Information (PDI) (OAIS 4.2.1.4.2) which contains four parts, which must therefore be the parts that must be included in an AIP in Cora:

!4 Reference Information: a unique and persistent identifier.
By creating an entry in Cora, a unique Cora ID and possibly an other id (a URN: NBN) are obtained. Both of these identifiers are intended to be persistent and are the link between AIP and its Content Data Object (the files) with the descriptive metadata in Cora. An Cora ID is normally created according to the pattern system record type: serial number, e.g. alvin-record: 1.

!4 Provenance Information: the history of the archived object.
AIP stores information about who (user and organization) created the record for the object in Cora together with information about the date and time for this and, if applicable, from where the object was imported. For each file, the corresponding information is specified.

If in the future for some reason, for example, we need to mass convert files to other formats, this must be documented here. In such a case, information about who and when / why the package was updated would be added to this section.

!4 Context Information: relationship to other objects, e.g. the hierarchical structure of a digital archive.
As described above, an archive package stored in Cora consists of a metadata record for the object (record) and (if applicable) a list of associated binaries.

!4 Fixity Information: a demonstration of authenticity, such as a hash value.
In practice, this means that a checksum must be set for all files (as now).

!4 Technical details
Files are written to disk in the archive The archive is managed by the latest version of Fedora Commons (6+)


!include -seamless .CoraTests.Storage.Archive.Create
!include -seamless .CoraTests.Storage.Archive.Read
!include -seamless .CoraTests.Storage.Archive.Update
!include -seamless .CoraTests.Storage.Archive.Delete
