---
Test
---
!1 Trash bin

The '''Trash bin''' function is a built-in feature in Cora that enables '''soft deletion''' of records.  
When a record is placed “Trash bin”, it can no longer be used in the system, but '''!-MemberAdmins-!''' can still view it and restore it if needed.

!2 What the function does
 * Allows individual records of a record type to be marked as '''trashed'''.
 * A trashed record has '''"useTrashBin" = true''' and is treated as deleted, but can be restored by setting the value to '''false'''.
 * Typically, only privileged users may view, restore, or permanently remove trashed records.
 * If the record type also uses the '''Visibility''' function, visibility is automatically set to '''unpublished''' when the record is trashed.
 * A '''trashed''' record continues to be linked to other records, but:
  * The '''unique''' function will ignore trashed records to keep the system consistent.
  * When removing a record that a trashed record points to (incoming link), the system will ignore the incoming links from trashed records.

!2 Why use the '''Trash bin''' function
This function fulfills two key requirements:

 * '''Retention of all records''' – No data is ever permanently removed unless explicitly purged.
 * '''Safe deletion''' – Mistaken deletions can be easily recovered.

'''Important:''' When restoring a trashed record, some links may be lost if those linked records do not use the same *Trash bin* function.

!2 How to enable '''Trash bin''' on a record type
 * Activate the function in the record type’s configuration (set "useTrashBin" = true).
 * Ensure that the field '''trashBinCollectionVar''' exists '''exactly once (1–1)''' in the '''recordInfo''' definition for that record type. The field is already available in the system and can be reused.
 * Grant the appropriate users privileges through the permission term '''trashBinPermissionTerm'''.

Once enabled, the system automatically manages trashing, restoring, and any related visibility changes.

!***> Generated use cases...
!1 Use Cases for Trash bin

The following use cases describe how the **Trash bin** function behaves in typical scenarios.
They are written in the same structure as other Cora Access Control and Metadata tests.

!2 Use Case 1: Move a record to Trash
A user with the required privileges marks a record as '''useTrashBin = true'''.

!3 Preconditions
 * The record type has the '''Trash bin''' function enabled.
 * The record contains the field '''trashBinCollectionVar''' in its recordInfo.
 * The user has been granted the permission term '''trashBinPermissionTerm'''.

!3 Expected Result
 * The record is no longer available for normal system operations.
 * The record’s visibility is automatically set to '''unpublished''' (if Visibility is used).
 * The record remains stored and can be restored.
 * The record is ignored by unique-checking functions.
 * Incoming links from this record are ignored when the target record is deleted.

----

!2 Use Case 2: Restore a record from Trash
A privileged user restores a previously trashed record.

!3 Preconditions
 * The record is marked with '''useTrashBin = true'''.
 * The user has permission through '''trashBinPermissionTerm'''.

!3 Expected Result
 * Setting '''useTrashBin = false''' restores the record.
 * The record becomes available again for system operations.
 * Unique-checking logic will once again consider this record.
 * Linked data is restored except for links that were removed while the record was trashed.
 * If visibility was unpublished by the trashing event, it must be manually adjusted if needed.

----

!2 Use Case 3: View trashed records
Only specific users may see records marked as trashed.

!3 Preconditions
 * The record is marked with '''useTrashBin = true'''.
 * The user must have the permission term '''trashBinPermissionTerm'''.

!3 Expected Result
 * Users with permission can list, inspect, and restore trashed records.
 * Users without permission cannot see trashed records at all.

----

!2 Use Case 4: Remove a record referenced by a trashed record
A record that is referenced by a trashed record is removed from the system.

!3 Preconditions
 * Record A is trashed ('''useTrashBin = true''').
 * Record A links to Record B through an incomingLink.
 * Record B is being removed.

!3 Expected Result
 * The system ignores the incoming link from Record A because the source is trashed.
 * Record B can be safely removed without dependency errors.
 * No warnings or errors are produced due to the trashed record.

----

!2 Use Case 5: Check uniqueness when trashed records exist
The system must only enforce uniqueness based on non-trashed records.

!3 Preconditions
 * Two records have the same value in a field that must be unique.
 * One record is trashed ('''useTrashBin = true''').

!3 Expected Result
 * The unique constraint only applies to the non-trashed record.
 * The system allows creation or update of another record with the same value.
 * If a trashed record is restored, the system may raise a uniqueness conflict.

----

!2 Use Case 6: System behaviour when restoring leads to lost links
A restored record may lose some relationships if those linked records use different deletion logic.

!3 Preconditions
 * A record is trashed.
 * It links to other records that do not use the '''Trash bin''' function.
 * Some of those linked records were removed while the record was trashed.

!3 Expected Result
 * The record can be restored.
 * Links to removed records cannot be recovered.
 * The restored record is still valid but may have missing relationships.
*!
!2 Use cases
 *'''Case 1: Deny create when not meeting the requirements''' – Missing metadata for trash bin functionality.
 *'''Case 2: Deny create record to trash bin''' – Eventhough the user is granted to system.*, a record cannot be created already in trash bin.
 *'''Case 3: Allow create record''' – So long the record is not set to be in trash the record should be created
 *'''Case 4: Deny set record to trash''' – When record has incomming links then the record cannot be set to in trash. 
 *'''Case 5: Allow set record to trash''' – Allow to a set a record in trash bin. 
  * '''Case 5.1:''' Users with grants '''system.*''' can set record into trash
  * '''Case 5.2:''' Users with grants '''system.false''' can set record into trash.
 *'''Case 6: The record is no longer available for normal system operations''' – Normal users are not allow to see the record in any way. 
  * '''Case 6.1:''' The record is no longer accessible for most of the users, '''system.false'''. 
  * '''Case 6.2:''' The record can only be handled by users with specific grant, '''system.*'''. 
  * '''Case 6.3:''' Incoming links from this record are ignored when the target record is deleted.
 *'''Case 7: Allow to restore record. No longer in trash''' – Only specifically granted users are allowed to restore the record. 
  * '''Case 7.1:''' The record is accessible in the system. 
  * '''Case 7.4:''' Incoming links from this record are no longer ignored when the target record is deleted.
  
!2 Combo tests
 *'''Case 1: Record unpublished when record set into trash bin''' – Visibility and tsVisibility automatically updated to unpublished and timstamp
  * '''Case 5.2:''' The record is ignored by unique-checking functions
  * '''Case 7.3:''' The record is no longer ignored by unique-checking functions


!***> Prepare tests
!***> Define variables
!define fitnesseRecordTypeUsesTrashBin {!-{"children":[{"children":[{"name":"ignoreOverwriteProtection","value":"true"},{"name":"id","value":"fitnesseRecordType"},{"children":[{"name":"linkedRecordType","value":"system"},{"name":"linkedRecordId","value":"testSystem"}],"name":"dataDivider"},{"children":[{"name":"linkedRecordType","value":"validationType"},{"name":"linkedRecordId","value":"recordType"}],"name":"validationType"},{"children":[{"name":"linkedRecordType","value":"recordType"},{"name":"linkedRecordId","value":"recordType"}],"name":"type"}],"name":"recordInfo"},{"children":[{"name":"linkedRecordType","value":"text"},{"name":"linkedRecordId","value":"fitnesseText"}],"name":"textId"},{"children":[{"name":"linkedRecordType","value":"text"},{"name":"linkedRecordId","value":"fitnesseText"}],"name":"defTextId"},{"children":[{"name":"linkedRecordType","value":"metadata"},{"name":"linkedRecordId","value":"fitnesseGroup"}],"name":"metadataId"},{"children":[{"name":"linkedRecordType","value":"search"},{"name":"linkedRecordId","value":"fitnesseSearch"}],"name":"search"},{"children":[{"name":"linkedRecordType","value":"presentation"},{"name":"linkedRecordId","value":"fitnessePGroup"}],"name":"presentationViewId"},{"children":[{"name":"linkedRecordType","value":"presentation"},{"name":"linkedRecordId","value":"fitnessePGroup"}],"name":"menuPresentationViewId"},{"children":[{"name":"linkedRecordType","value":"presentation"},{"name":"linkedRecordId","value":"fitnessePGroup"}],"name":"listPresentationViewId"},{"children":[{"name":"linkedRecordType","value":"presentation"},{"name":"linkedRecordId","value":"fitnessePGroup"}],"name":"autocompletePresentationView"},{"name":"public","value":"false"},{"name":"idSource","value":"sequence"},{"name":"storeInArchive","value":"false"},{"repeatId":"0","name":"groupOfRecordType","value":"metadata"},{"name":"usePermissionUnit","value":"false"},{"name":"useTrashBin","value":"true"},{"name":"useVisibility","value":"false"},{"children":[{"name":"linkedRecordType","value":"sequence"},{"name":"linkedRecordId","value":"fitnesseSequence"}],"name":"sequence"}],"name":"recordType"}-!}

!define fitnesseRecordInfoGroupUsesTrashBin {!-{"children":[{"children":[{"name":"ignoreOverwriteProtection","value":"true"},{"name":"id","value":"fitnesseRecordInfoGroup"},{"children":[{"name":"linkedRecordType","value":"validationType"},{"name":"linkedRecordId","value":"metadataGroup"}],"name":"validationType"},{"children":[{"name":"linkedRecordType","value":"system"},{"name":"linkedRecordId","value":"testSystem"}],"name":"dataDivider"},{"children":[{"name":"linkedRecordType","value":"recordType"},{"name":"linkedRecordId","value":"metadata"}],"name":"type"}],"name":"recordInfo"},{"name":"nameInData","value":"recordInfo"},{"children":[{"name":"linkedRecordType","value":"text"},{"name":"linkedRecordId","value":"recordInfoText"}],"name":"textId"},{"children":[{"name":"linkedRecordType","value":"text"},{"name":"linkedRecordId","value":"recordInfoDefText"}],"name":"defTextId"},{"children":[{"repeatId":"1","children":[{"name":"repeatMin","value":"1"},{"name":"repeatMax","value":"1"},{"children":[{"name":"linkedRecordType","value":"metadata"},{"name":"linkedRecordId","value":"idTextVar"}],"name":"ref"},{"repeatId":"0","children":[{"name":"linkedRecordType","value":"collectTerm"},{"name":"linkedRecordId","value":"recordIdCollectIndexTerm"}],"name":"childRefCollectTerm","attributes":{"type":"index"}}],"name":"childReference"},{"repeatId":"5","children":[{"name":"repeatMin","value":"1"},{"name":"repeatMax","value":"1"},{"children":[{"name":"linkedRecordType","value":"metadata"},{"name":"linkedRecordId","value":"recordTypeLink"}],"name":"ref"}],"name":"childReference"},{"repeatId":"3","children":[{"name":"repeatMin","value":"1"},{"name":"repeatMax","value":"1"},{"children":[{"name":"linkedRecordType","value":"metadata"},{"name":"linkedRecordId","value":"createdByLink"}],"name":"ref"}],"name":"childReference"},{"repeatId":"4","children":[{"name":"repeatMin","value":"1"},{"name":"repeatMax","value":"1"},{"children":[{"name":"linkedRecordType","value":"metadata"},{"name":"linkedRecordId","value":"dataDividerLink"}],"name":"ref"},{"children":[{"name":"linkedRecordType","value":"collectTerm"},{"name":"linkedRecordId","value":"systemPermissionTerm"}],"name":"childRefCollectTerm","attributes":{"type":"permission"}}],"name":"childReference"},{"repeatId":"6","children":[{"name":"repeatMin","value":"0"},{"name":"repeatMax","value":"X"},{"children":[{"name":"linkedRecordType","value":"metadata"},{"name":"linkedRecordId","value":"permissionUnitLink"}],"name":"ref"}],"name":"childReference"},{"repeatId":"8","children":[{"name":"repeatMin","value":"1"},{"name":"repeatMax","value":"1"},{"children":[{"name":"linkedRecordType","value":"metadata"},{"name":"linkedRecordId","value":"tsCreatedTextVar"}],"name":"ref"}],"name":"childReference"},{"repeatId":"10","children":[{"name":"repeatMin","value":"1"},{"name":"repeatMax","value":"X"},{"children":[{"name":"linkedRecordType","value":"metadata"},{"name":"linkedRecordId","value":"updatedGroup"}],"name":"ref"}],"name":"childReference"},{"repeatId":"111","children":[{"name":"repeatMin","value":"1"},{"name":"repeatMax","value":"1"},{"children":[{"name":"linkedRecordType","value":"metadata"},{"name":"linkedRecordId","value":"validationTypeLink"}],"name":"ref"}],"name":"childReference"},{"repeatId":"222","children":[{"name":"repeatMin","value":"1"},{"name":"repeatMax","value":"1"},{"children":[{"name":"linkedRecordType","value":"metadata"},{"name":"linkedRecordId","value":"trashBinCollectionVar"}],"name":"ref"},{"name":"childRefCollectTerm","children":[{"name":"linkedRecordType","value":"collectTerm"},{"name":"linkedRecordId","value":"-!${fitnessePermissionTermName}!-"}],"attributes":{"type":"permission"}}],"name":"childReference"}],"name":"childReferences"}],"name":"metadata","attributes":{"type":"group"}}-!}

!define fitnesseRecordInfoNewGroupUsesTrashBin {!-{"children":[{"children":[{"name":"ignoreOverwriteProtection","value":"true"},{"name":"id","value":"fitnesseRecordInfoNewGroup"},{"children":[{"name":"linkedRecordType","value":"validationType"},{"name":"linkedRecordId","value":"metadataGroup"}],"name":"validationType"},{"children":[{"name":"linkedRecordType","value":"system"},{"name":"linkedRecordId","value":"testSystem"}],"name":"dataDivider"},{"children":[{"name":"linkedRecordType","value":"recordType"},{"name":"linkedRecordId","value":"metadata"}],"name":"type"}],"name":"recordInfo"},{"name":"nameInData","value":"recordInfo"},{"children":[{"name":"linkedRecordType","value":"text"},{"name":"linkedRecordId","value":"recordInfoText"}],"name":"textId"},{"children":[{"name":"linkedRecordType","value":"text"},{"name":"linkedRecordId","value":"recordInfoDefText"}],"name":"defTextId"},{"children":[{"repeatId":"2","children":[{"name":"repeatMin","value":"1"},{"name":"repeatMax","value":"1"},{"children":[{"name":"linkedRecordType","value":"metadata"},{"name":"linkedRecordId","value":"dataDividerLink"}],"name":"ref"},{"children":[{"name":"linkedRecordType","value":"collectTerm"},{"name":"linkedRecordId","value":"systemPermissionTerm"}],"name":"childRefCollectTerm","attributes":{"type":"permission"}}],"name":"childReference"},{"repeatId":"111","children":[{"name":"repeatMin","value":"1"},{"name":"repeatMax","value":"1"},{"children":[{"name":"linkedRecordType","value":"metadata"},{"name":"linkedRecordId","value":"validationTypeLink"}],"name":"ref"}],"name":"childReference"},{"repeatId":"222","children":[{"name":"repeatMin","value":"1"},{"name":"repeatMax","value":"1"},{"children":[{"name":"linkedRecordType","value":"metadata"},{"name":"linkedRecordId","value":"trashBinCollectionVar"}],"name":"ref"}],"name":"childReference"}],"name":"childReferences"}],"name":"metadata","attributes":{"type":"group"}}-!}

!define fitnessePermissionTermRule {!-{"name":"permissionRule","children":[{"name":"recordInfo","children":[{"name":"id","value":"fitnessePermissionTermRule"},{"name":"dataDivider","children":[{"name":"linkedRecordType","value":"system"},{"name":"linkedRecordId","value":"testSystem"}]},{"name":"validationType","children":[{"name":"linkedRecordType","value":"validationType"},{"name":"linkedRecordId","value":"permissionRule"}]}]},{"name":"permissionRulePart","children":[{"name":"permissionRulePartValue","repeatId":"0","value":"system.*"}],"attributes":{"type":"action"}},{"name":"permissionRulePart","children":[{"name":"permissionRulePartValue","repeatId":"0","value":"system.fitnesseRecordType"}],"attributes":{"type":"recordType"}},{"name":"activeStatus","value":"active"}]}-!}

!define fitnessePermissionTermRole {!-{"name":"permissionRole","children":[{"name":"recordInfo","children":[{"name":"id","value":"fitnessePermissionTermRole"},{"name":"dataDivider","children":[{"name":"linkedRecordType","value":"system"},{"name":"linkedRecordId","value":"testSystem"}]},{"name":"validationType","children":[{"name":"linkedRecordType","value":"validationType"},{"name":"linkedRecordId","value":"permissionRole"}]}]},{"name":"permissionRuleLink","repeatId":"0","children":[{"name":"linkedRecordType","value":"permissionRule"},{"name":"linkedRecordId","value":"fitnessePermissionTermRule"}]},{"name":"activeStatus","value":"active"},{"name":"textId","children":[{"name":"linkedRecordType","value":"text"},{"name":"linkedRecordId","value":"fitnesseText"}]},{"name":"defTextId","children":[{"name":"linkedRecordType","value":"text"},{"name":"linkedRecordId","value":"fitnesseText"}]}]}-!}

!define addFitnessePermissionTerm {!-,{"name":"userRole","repeatId":"7175775086411622","children":[{"name":"userRole","children":[{"name":"linkedRecordType","value":"permissionRole"},{"name":"linkedRecordId","value":"fitnessePermissionTermRole"}]},{"repeatId":"0","children":[{"children":[{"name":"linkedRecordType","value":"collectTerm"},{"name":"linkedRecordId","value":"systemPermissionTerm"}],"name":"rule"},{"repeatId":"0","name":"value","value":"system.*"}],"name":"permissionTermRulePart"},{"repeatId":"430","children":[{"children":[{"name":"linkedRecordType","value":"collectTerm"},{"name":"linkedRecordId","value":"-!${fitnessePermissionTermName}!-"}],"name":"rule"},{"repeatId":"0","name":"value","value":"-!${fitnessePermissionTermValue}!-"}],"name":"permissionTermRulePart"}]}-!}

!define fitnessePermissionTermCreateRecord {!-{"name":"fitnesseExample","children":[{"name":"recordInfo","children":[{"name":"validationType","children":[{"name":"linkedRecordType","value":"validationType"},{"name":"linkedRecordId","value":"fitnesseValidationType"}]},{"name":"dataDivider","children":[{"name":"linkedRecordType","value":"system"},{"name":"linkedRecordId","value":"cora"}]}]},{"name":"fitnesseOnlyOneTextVar","value":"someValue"}]}-!}

!define fitnessePermissionTermCreateRecordWithTrashBin {!-{"name":"fitnesseExample","children":[{"name":"recordInfo","children":[{"name":"validationType","children":[{"name":"linkedRecordType","value":"validationType"},{"name":"linkedRecordId","value":"fitnesseValidationType"}]},{"name":"dataDivider","children":[{"name":"linkedRecordType","value":"system"},{"name":"linkedRecordId","value":"cora"}]},{"name":"inTrashBin","value":"-!${fitnesseTrashBinValue}!-"}]},{"name":"fitnesseOnlyOneTextVar","value":"someValue"}]}-!}

!define fitnessePermissionTermUpdateRecordWithTrashBin {!-{"children":[{"children":[{"name":"ignoreOverwriteProtection","value":"true"},{"children":[{"name":"linkedRecordType","value":"validationType"},{"name":"linkedRecordId","value":"fitnesseValidationType"}],"name":"validationType"},{"children":[{"name":"linkedRecordType","value":"system"},{"name":"linkedRecordId","value":"cora"}],"name":"dataDivider"},{"name":"id","value":"1"},{"children":[{"name":"linkedRecordType","value":"recordType"},{"name":"linkedRecordId","value":"fitnesseRecordType"}],"name":"type"},{"name":"inTrashBin","value":"-!${fitnesseTrashBinValue}!-"}],"name":"recordInfo"},{"name":"fitnesseOnlyOneTextVar","value":"someValue"}],"name":"fitnesseExample"}-!}
*!

!define currentAuthToken {$adminAuthToken}

Set use useTrashBin
!define recordType {recordType}
!define recordId {fitnesseRecordType}
!define expectedAnswer {}
!define updateData {${fitnesseRecordTypeUsesTrashBin}}
!define expectedUpdateResult {OK}
!include -seamless .HelperPages.updateRecord


Set up trashBinCollectionVar on fitnesseRecordInfoGroupUsesTrashBin
!define recordType {metadata}
!define recordId {fitnesseRecordInfoNewGroup}
!define updateData {${fitnesseRecordInfoNewGroupUsesTrashBin}}
!define expectedUpdateResult {OK}
!include -seamless .HelperPages.updateRecord

!define recordType {metadata}
!define recordId {fitnesseRecordInfoGroup}
!define fitnessePermissionTermName {trashBinPermissionTerm}
!define updateData {${fitnesseRecordInfoGroupUsesTrashBin}}
!define expectedUpdateResult {OK}
!include -seamless .HelperPages.updateRecord

!***> Create rules and roles

!define currentAuthToken {$adminAuthToken}
!define recordType {permissionRule}
!define createData {${fitnessePermissionTermRule}}
!define expectedCreateResult {CREATED}
!include -seamless .HelperPages.createRecord

!define recordType {permissionRole}
!define createData {${fitnessePermissionTermRole}}
!define expectedCreateResult {CREATED}
!include -seamless .HelperPages.createRecord
*!

!***> Grant user with trashBinPermissionTerm = system.*
!define recordType {user}
!define recordId {121212}
!define fitnessePermissionTermName {trashBinPermissionTerm}
!define fitnessePermissionTermValue {system.*}
!define addFitnesseRole {${addFitnessePermissionTerm}}
!define updateData {${FITNESSE_USER_FOR_TEST_DATA}}
!define expectedUpdateResult {OK}
!include -seamless .HelperPages.updateRecord
*!
*!

!***> Case 1
!define currentAuthToken {$userAuthToken}
!define recordType {fitnesseRecordType}
!define createData {${fitnessePermissionTermCreateRecord}}
!define expectedCreateResult {BAD_REQUEST}
!define expectedAnswer {Error creating new record for recordType: fitnesseRecordType. The isInTrashBin field must be set when using the trash bin functionality.}
!include -seamless .HelperPages.createRecord
*!

!***> Case 2
!define currentAuthToken {$userAuthToken}
!define recordType {fitnesseRecordType}
!define fitnesseTrashBinValue {true}
!define createData {${fitnessePermissionTermCreateRecordWithTrashBin}}
!define expectedCreateResult {BAD_REQUEST}
!define expectedAnswer {Error creating new record for recordType: fitnesseRecordType. Setting a record as “in the trash bin” during creation is not allowed.}
!include -seamless .HelperPages.createRecord
*!

!***> Case 3
!define currentAuthToken {$userAuthToken}
!define recordType {fitnesseRecordType}
!define fitnesseTrashBinValue {false}
!define createData {${fitnessePermissionTermCreateRecordWithTrashBin}}
!define expectedCreateResult {CREATED}
!define expectedAnswer {}
!include -seamless .HelperPages.createRecord
*!

!***> Case 5.1
!define currentAuthToken {$userAuthToken}
!define recordType {fitnesseRecordType}
!define fitnesseTrashBinValue {true}
!define updateData {${fitnessePermissionTermUpdateRecordWithTrashBin}}
!define expectedUpdateResult {OK}
!define expectedAnswer {}
!include -seamless .HelperPages.updateRecord
*!

!***> Case 5.2
!***> Prepare test
!define currentAuthToken {$userAuthToken}
!define recordType {fitnesseRecordType}
!define fitnesseTrashBinValue {false}
!define updateData {${fitnessePermissionTermUpdateRecordWithTrashBin}}
!define expectedUpdateResult {OK}
!define expectedAnswer {}
!include -seamless .HelperPages.updateRecord
*!

!***> Grant user with trashBinPermissionTerm = system.false
!define currentAuthToken {$adminAuthToken}
!define recordType {user}
!define recordId {121212}
!define fitnessePermissionTermName {trashBinPermissionTerm}
!define fitnessePermissionTermValue {system.false}
!define addFitnesseRole {${addFitnessePermissionTerm}}
!define updateData {${FITNESSE_USER_FOR_TEST_DATA}}
!define expectedUpdateResult {OK}
!include -seamless .HelperPages.updateRecord
*!

!define currentAuthToken {$userAuthToken}
!define recordType {fitnesseRecordType}
!define fitnesseTrashBinValue {true}
!define recordId {$createdRecordId}
!define updateData {${fitnessePermissionTermUpdateRecordWithTrashBin}}
!define expectedUpdateResult {OK}
!define expectedAnswer {}
!include -seamless .HelperPages.updateRecord
*!

!***> Case 6.1
!define currentAuthToken {$adminAuthToken}
!define recordType {user}
!define recordId {121212}
!define expectedReadResult {}
!define expectedAnswer {}
!include -seamless .HelperPages.readRecord_RecordEndpoint

!define currentAuthToken {$adminAuthToken}
!define recordType {recordType}
!define recordId {fitnesseRecordType}
!define expectedReadResult {}
!define expectedAnswer {}
!include -seamless .HelperPages.readRecord_RecordEndpoint

!define currentAuthToken {$userAuthToken}
!define recordType {fitnesseRecordType}
!define recordId {$createdRecordId}
!define expectedReadResult {FORBIDDEN}
!define expectedAnswer {}
!include -seamless .HelperPages.readRecord_RecordEndpoint
*!

!***> Case 6.2
!***> Grant user with trashBinPermissionTerm = system.*
!define currentAuthToken {$adminAuthToken}
!define recordType {user}
!define recordId {121212}
!define fitnessePermissionTermName {trashBinPermissionTerm}
!define fitnessePermissionTermValue {system.*}
!define addFitnesseRole {${addFitnessePermissionTerm}}
!define updateData {${FITNESSE_USER_FOR_TEST_DATA}}
!define expectedUpdateResult {OK}
!include -seamless .HelperPages.updateRecord
*!

!define currentAuthToken {$userAuthToken}
!define recordType {fitnesseRecordType}
!define recordId {$createdRecordId}
!define expectedReadResult {OK}
!define expectedAnswer {}
!include -seamless .HelperPages.readRecord_RecordEndpoint
*!

!***> Clean up created data, metadata and texts
!***> Grant user with trashBinPermissionTerm = system.*
!define currentAuthToken {$adminAuthToken}
!define recordType {user}
!define recordId {121212}
!define fitnessePermissionTermName {trashBinPermissionTerm}
!define fitnessePermissionTermValue {system.*}
!define addFitnesseRole {${addFitnessePermissionTerm}}
!define updateData {${FITNESSE_USER_FOR_TEST_DATA}}
!define expectedUpdateResult {OK}
!include -seamless .HelperPages.updateRecord
*!
!***> Clean up fitnesseRecordType instance
!define currentAuthToken {$userAuthToken}
!define recordType {fitnesseRecordType}
!define recordId {$createdRecordId}
!define expectedDeleteResult {OK}
!define expectedAnswer {}
!include -seamless .HelperPages.deleteRecord
*!

!***> Clean up changes on fitnesseRecordType
!define currentAuthToken {$adminAuthToken}
!define recordType {recordType}
!define recordId {fitnesseRecordType}
!define updateData {${FITNESSE_RECORD_TYPE_UPDATE}}
!define expectedUpdateResult {OK}
!include -seamless .HelperPages.updateRecord
*!

!***> Clean up changes on fitnesseRecordInfoGroup
!define recordType {metadata}
!define recordId {fitnesseRecordInfoGroup}
!define updateData {${FITNESSE_RECORDINFO_UPDATE}}
!define expectedUpdateResult {OK}
!include -seamless .HelperPages.updateRecord
*!

!***> Clean up changes on fitnesseRecordInfoNewGroup
!define recordType {metadata}
!define recordId {fitnesseRecordInfoGroup}
!define updateData {${FITNESSE_RECORDINFO_NEW_GROUP_UPDATE}}
!define expectedUpdateResult {OK}
!include -seamless .HelperPages.updateRecord
*!

!***> Clean changes on user
!define recordType {user}
!define recordId {121212}
!define addFitnesseRole {!--!}
!define updateData {${FITNESSE_USER_FOR_TEST_DATA}}
!define expectedUpdateResult {OK}
!include -seamless .HelperPages.updateRecord
*!

!| RecordEndpointFixture |
| authToken | type | id | testDeleteRecord? | getStatusType? |
| $adminAuthToken | permissionRole | fitnessePermissionTermRole | | OK |
| $adminAuthToken | permissionRule | fitnessePermissionTermRule | | OK |
*!
