---
Static
---
!2 !-GenericBinary validation type-!
!-GenericBinary-! is the only validation type that is available for Binaries, therefor genericBinary can hold information for all kind of resources. Only one validationType is needed since Cora and only Cora is responsible to handle binary metadata, so no need to have extra validation types. !-GenericBinary-! has a group named resourceInfo. Each child of resourceInfo is a representation of the binary in different formats. ResourceInfo will always have master child. Each child have four common fields and x variables fields depending on the format. The common fields are:

 * '''resourceId''' Is the resource id in archive or storage. 
 * '''resourceLink''' Path where the resource is stored in Cora. 
 * '''fileSize''' Size of the resource 
 * '''mimeType''' Mimetype of the resource

The '''master''' . Other formats depending on the resourceType are listed below:
 * '''master''' Is the format group where the original metadata and resource will be kept.
 * '''thumbnail''' Is a format for images. Thumbnails are in JPG format, width is set to 100px and the height is according set to scaling down ratio.
 * '''others to come''' 
 
 Master group will have the following fields apart from the common ones:
 * '''height''' Is the height in pixels of the resource.
 * '''width''' Is the width in pixels of the resource.
 * '''resolution''' Is the resoultion in dpi of the resource.

!include -seamless .CoraTests.CallThroughJavaCode.BuiltInMetadata.BasicMetadata.Binary.GenericBinary.ValidationType
!3 Actions
!include -seamless .CoraTests.CallThroughJavaCode.BuiltInMetadata.BasicMetadata.Binary.GenericBinary.actions.Create
!include -seamless .CoraTests.CallThroughJavaCode.BuiltInMetadata.BasicMetadata.Binary.GenericBinary.actions.Read
!include -seamless .CoraTests.CallThroughJavaCode.BuiltInMetadata.BasicMetadata.Binary.GenericBinary.actions.UploadDownload
!include -seamless .CoraTests.CallThroughJavaCode.BuiltInMetadata.BasicMetadata.Binary.GenericBinary.actions.Update
!include -seamless .CoraTests.CallThroughJavaCode.BuiltInMetadata.BasicMetadata.Binary.GenericBinary.actions.Delete