---
Test
---

!1 Filter
Filter is a dataholder which holds data in order to filter out data from storage queries.
fromNo and toNo are used to define the range of matches to be filter from the
 storage query. The matches outside this range will be excluded. Matches start with 1 and are
 inclusive, so that 1-1 would result in returning only the first match. 1-10 would return the
 first ten matches.
 <ul>
 <li>fromNo: A long that defines the first match position to be included on the query, 1 is the
 first match.</li>
 <li>toNo: A long that the defines the last match position to be included on the query.</li>
 </ul>
 
 There are two main settings to filter the results, include and exclude. Parts defined in include
 are included in the result and things defined in exclude are excluded from the results. Include
 and exclude are built using the same logic and are list of {@link Part}s.
 </p>
 
 A record is considered a match if it matches any condition constructed from the different parts,
 therefore an OR is used between these conditions. Both include and exclude are composed of
 {@link Part}s. These Parts defines a list of conditions which all must be true in order to match,
 therefore an AND is used between these conditions.
 *
 </p>
 <u>Results are matches as follows:</u>
 </p>
 (include) AND NOT (exclude)
 </p>
 include and exclude is matched as:
 </p>
 (part OR part)
 </p>
 each part is:
 </p>
 (key operator value AND key operator value)
 </p>

!include -seamless .CoraTests.CallThroughJavaCode.Functions.List.Filter.FilterTest