---
Help: Guide for running independent test suites in parallel
Static
---
!1 Parallel Test Execution

This page documents how to run independent test suites in parallel to reduce overall test execution time.

!2 Overview

The Cora FitNesse test suites are organized into independent groups that can be executed concurrently. Each suite is tagged with '''independent''' in its ''Suites'' property, enabling parallel execution via FitNesse's suite filter feature.

All shared test data record IDs are parameterized through a '''testRunId''' variable. When multiple test runs execute in parallel against the same server, each run can use a unique '''testRunId''' to create isolated test data, preventing interference between parallel runs.

!3 Test Data Isolation via testRunId

All shared test data record IDs (68 IDs total) are defined as FitNesse variables in '''!-.HelperPages.Data.TestDataVariables-!'''. Each variable incorporates a '''testRunId''' suffix:

{{{
!define testRunId {}           # Empty by default (backward compatible)
!define fitnesseTextId {fitnesseText${testRunId}}
!define fitnesseGroupId {fitnesseGroup${testRunId}}
# ... 68 variables total
}}}

 * '''Default (empty testRunId):''' All IDs resolve to their original values (e.g., ''fitnesseText''), ensuring full backward compatibility with sequential execution.
 * '''Parallel runs:''' Set '''testRunId''' to a unique value (e.g., ''_run1'', ''_run2'') so each run creates isolated test data (e.g., ''fitnesseText_run1'', ''fitnesseText_run2'').

!3 Independent Test Suites

The following test suites have been verified as independent and can safely run in parallel:

| Suite | Description | Tag |
| [[Access Control][.CoraTests.AccessControl]] | Authentication and authorization tests | independent |
| [[Built-in Metadata][.CoraTests.BuiltInMetadata]] | Metadata validation and consistency tests | independent |
| [[Call Through Java Code][.CoraTests.CallThroughJavaCode]] | Direct Java fixture execution tests | independent |
| [[Data][.CoraTests.Data]] | Record CRUD operations and binary handling | independent |
| [[REST][.CoraTests.REST]] | REST API tests for JSON and XML endpoints | independent |
| [[Storage][.CoraTests.Storage]] | Archive storage operation tests | independent |

!3 Prerequisites

All suites depend on the global '''!-SuiteSetUp-!''' which:
 * Authenticates three users (admin, regular, guest) and stores auth tokens
 * Creates the shared test data pool via '''!-ExamplesPool-!'''
 * Takes snapshots of key records for state restoration

The global '''!-SuiteTearDown-!''' handles cleanup after all suites complete.

!3 How to Run Suites in Parallel

!4 Using Suite Filters

FitNesse supports suite filters that allow running specific tagged test groups. Each independent suite can be run using its own suite filter URL:

{{{
# Run a specific suite directly:
http://<host>:<port>/CoraTests.AccessControl?suite
http://<host>:<port>/CoraTests.BuiltInMetadata?suite
http://<host>:<port>/CoraTests.Data?suite
http://<host>:<port>/CoraTests.REST?suite
http://<host>:<port>/CoraTests.Storage?suite
http://<host>:<port>/CoraTests.CallThroughJavaCode?suite

# Run all suites tagged as 'independent':
http://<host>:<port>/CoraTests?suite&suiteFilter=independent
}}}

!4 Parallel Execution via Command Line

To run independent suites in parallel from the command line, set '''testRunId''' per process to isolate test data:

{{{
# Run each suite with a unique testRunId as a separate background process
java -jar fitnesse-standalone.jar -c "CoraTests.AccessControl?suite&format=text" \
  -DtestRunId=_run1 &
java -jar fitnesse-standalone.jar -c "CoraTests.BuiltInMetadata?suite&format=text" \
  -DtestRunId=_run2 &
java -jar fitnesse-standalone.jar -c "CoraTests.Data?suite&format=text" \
  -DtestRunId=_run3 &
java -jar fitnesse-standalone.jar -c "CoraTests.REST?suite&format=text" \
  -DtestRunId=_run4 &
java -jar fitnesse-standalone.jar -c "CoraTests.Storage?suite&format=text" \
  -DtestRunId=_run5 &
java -jar fitnesse-standalone.jar -c "CoraTests.CallThroughJavaCode?suite&format=text" \
  -DtestRunId=_run6 &

# Wait for all background processes to complete
wait
}}}

!4 Parallel Execution in CI/CD

In a CI/CD pipeline, independent suites can be assigned to separate jobs or stages that execute concurrently. Each job should define its own '''testRunId''':

{{{
# Example CI/CD parallel job configuration (conceptual):
parallel:
  - name: AccessControl
    command: run-fitnesse-suite CoraTests.AccessControl -DtestRunId=_ac
  - name: BuiltInMetadata
    command: run-fitnesse-suite CoraTests.BuiltInMetadata -DtestRunId=_bm
  - name: Data
    command: run-fitnesse-suite CoraTests.Data -DtestRunId=_data
  - name: REST
    command: run-fitnesse-suite CoraTests.REST -DtestRunId=_rest
  - name: Storage
    command: run-fitnesse-suite CoraTests.Storage -DtestRunId=_stor
  - name: CallThroughJavaCode
    command: run-fitnesse-suite CoraTests.CallThroughJavaCode -DtestRunId=_java
}}}

!3 Important Notes

 * '''Test Data Isolation:''' When '''testRunId''' is set, each parallel run creates its own complete set of test data with unique record IDs. This ensures no interference between runs, even when they modify shared metadata definitions.
 * '''Backward Compatibility:''' When '''testRunId''' is empty (default), all record IDs resolve to their original values, ensuring existing sequential test execution works unchanged.
 * '''Shared Setup:''' The global !-SuiteSetUp-! must complete before any parallel suites begin. When running suites individually, the !-SuiteSetUp-! runs automatically as part of each suite due to the '''!-ALL_UNCLE_SUITE_SETUPS-!''' configuration.
 * '''Cleanup:''' When running suites individually in parallel, each suite's local !-TearDown-! handles its own cleanup. The global !-SuiteTearDown-! should be run once after all parallel suites complete.
 * '''Authentication Tokens:''' Auth tokens are created in the global !-SuiteSetUp-! and are shared across all suites. Each parallel process gets its own SLIM instance with its own copy of these tokens.
 * '''nameInData values:''' Element names in data structures (nameInData) are NOT parameterized because they define the data schema, not record identifiers. They remain constant across all parallel runs.
