---
Test
---
!1 Binary
!3 Overview
The Binary record type is a fundamental component within the Cora system, serving as a reserved data structure specifically designed to manage binary data. This documentation outlines the purpose, structure, and management of Binary records in Cora.

!3 Purpose
Binary records play a pivotal role in Cora, as they are exclusively designated to handle binary data. When resources are uploaded to the Cora platform, each of them is associated with a corresponding Binary record. This Binary record stores essential information pertaining to the resource, including but not limited to the following attributes: filename, filesize, checksum, etc.
The information within the Binary record is automatically calculated and populated during the resource upload process into Cora.

!3 Management
!4 Ownership:
It is crucial to note that Binary records within Cora are exclusively owned and managed by the Cora system itself. Only Cora has the privilege to update, modify, or maintain Binary records.

!4 Dynamic Information: 
The contents of a Binary record may vary based on the type of binary data it represents. Different types of binary data may require distinct attributes or additional information. As a result, the Binary record is designed to dynamically accommodate the specific data requirements of the associated binary content.

!3 Conclusion
In summary, the Binary record type is a specialized and reserved entity within the Cora system, dedicated to efficiently managing binary data. By automatically storing essential resource information, it facilitates data integrity and accessibility while ensuring that only Cora has the authority to update and maintain these records. The flexibility of Binary records enables them to adapt to the unique attributes of various binary data types.

!img files/Images/binary.png 

There four validation types of binaries:
 * '''[[!-GenericBinary-!][<CoraTests.CallThroughJavaCode.BuiltInMetadata.BasicMetadata.Binary.GenericBinary]]''': Includes all the binaries which are no included in the previous validation types. These binaries are generic and the system can not provide any specific information about them.
 * '''[[!-ImageBinary-!][<CoraTests.CallThroughJavaCode.BuiltInMetadata.BasicMetadata.Binary.ImageBinary]]''': All the binaries which are pictures.
 * '''!-AudioBinary-!''': All the binaries which are audios.
 * '''!-VideoBinary-!''': All the binaries which are videos.
 * '''!-DocumentBinary-!''': All the binaries which are documents.
 * '''!-TextBinary-!''': All the binaries which are documents.
 * '''!-CompressBinary-!''': All the binaries which are documents.

!include -seamless .CoraTests.CallThroughJavaCode.BuiltInMetadata.BasicMetadata.Binary.BinaryRecordType